# ParentNode

Our new ParentNode class will handle the nesting of HTML nodes inside of one another. Any HTML node that's not "leaf" node (i.e. it has children) is a "parent" node.

Assignment
Create another child class of HTMLNode called ParentNode. Its constructor should differ from HTMLNode in that:
The tag and children arguments are not optional
It doesn't take a value argument
props is optional
(It's the exact opposite of the LeafNode class)
Add a .to_html method.
If the object doesn't have a tag, raise a ValueError.
If children is a missing value, raise a ValueError with a different message.
Otherwise, return a string representing the HTML tag of the node and its children. This should be a recursive method (each recursion being called on a nested child node).
You can iterate over all the children and call to_html on each, concatenating the results and injecting them between the opening and closing tags of the parent.

For example, this node and its children:


```python
node = ParentNode(
    "p",
    [
        LeafNode("b", "Bold text"),
        LeafNode(None, "Normal text"),
        LeafNode("i", "italic text"),
        LeafNode(None, "Normal text"),
    ],
)

node.to_html()
```

Should convert to:

<p><b>Bold text</b>Normal text<i>italic text</i>Normal text</p>

Don't worry about indentation or pretty-printing. If pretty-printed it would look like this:

```html
<p>
  <b>Bold text</b>
  Normal text
  <i>italic text</i>
  Normal text
</p>
```

Most editors are easily configured to auto-format HTML on save, so we won't worry about implementing that in our code.

I wrote many tests for this class. I recommend you do the same, there is a lot of room for error. Test all the edge cases you can think of, including nesting ParentNode objects inside of one another, multiple children, and no children. Here's a couple to get you started:

```python
def test_to_html_with_children(self):
    child_node = LeafNode("span", "child")
    parent_node = ParentNode("div", [child_node])
    self.assertEqual(parent_node.to_html(), "<div><span>child</span></div>")

def test_to_html_with_grandchildren(self):
    grandchild_node = LeafNode("b", "grandchild")
    child_node = ParentNode("span", [grandchild_node])
    parent_node = ParentNode("div", [child_node])
    self.assertEqual(
        parent_node.to_html(),
        "<div><span><b>grandchild</b></span></div>",
    )
```